The second kind of dowry fame
My Lord Chifeng went to Hongyan as the Holy Lord
Enjoy the service of the whole people in Daxia
It's not true.
What the hell is going on?
Yezi Yang, it's your turn
If you can come up with righteousness, you will be famous for Han Gaozi
I'm waiting for five people to admit defeat
Turn around now and go
If you can't do it
You should kneel on the ground and shoot the tiger
I knelt down to him
Am I crazy or are you crazy?
He is in the south
A family woman who is difficult to dominate in Xinjiang
You made me one during the period of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors
Existing Di system
Master kneel down for him
My eldest elder
I don't know what means you used by Ye Huan
To lie
But
His big play is about to run out of steam
What do you mean?
Ye Shaoqi rhyme
The whole body is thick and surrounded by cinnamon dew
It shows a noble identity all the time
And the four sons are worthless
Why compete with Ye Shao?
Fate is close to you
All things change
Heaven and earth change into desire
Those who are lucky can turn bad luck into good luck
Victim Cheng Xiang
Ye Shao is the mystery of the true dragon by luck
I told you
This grass world can also be elegant
Stop daydreaming
Get that broken edict
Just thinking of flying out of the chicken coop and becoming a phoenix?
Do it from the night
It's against destiny
Even if we don't accept you
God will take you too
Fate is close to you
Destiny
Ye Shao will definitely wait for the big summer tripod in the future
This Great Xia Holy Master is none other than him
And this night is fun
The old man sees that your name is not correct.
It doesn't go well.
A ridiculous wisp of charm dares to talk about destiny
Destiny
Good luck
How can you say that luck is at hand?
I think you are deceiving people
Nonsense
This Xianzong has seen gas for a hundred years
Can't read it wrong
The deity is afraid to intimidate you
That's why the lifetime contract was restrained
That being the case
Old man, let's see how the charm of this deity is